10 things you didn't know about
Instagram when the app launched in 2010
it gained a whopping 255,000 users on
day one the name Instagram comes from
combining the words instant camera and
telegram the first photo to be posted
was by the co-founder Kevin it was a
photo of his dog and someone's foot but
now there are over 1.35 billion
Instagram accounts even if a recent
study has found that 8% of them are
completely fake the most followed person
on Instagram is Cristiano Ronaldo with
613 million followers and Counting which
is actually kind of crazy cuz that's
half of Instagram the most Instagram
food is pizza the most liked photo on
the entirety of the platform is Leonel
Messi holding the world cup with over 75
million likes and to show how active the
platform is every single day users share
80 million photos and they like 3.5
billion which means in total over 50
billion photos and videos have been
shared on Instagram how many of you
posted